have you ever found yourself in such a
financial ruin that you enroll yourself
in a literal death game at a chance to
win a humongous cash prize trust me guys
it ain't fun because that's exactly what
the characters end up doing in the
newest south korean survival thriller
series squid game now full disclosure
here even though this new netflix show
has blown up all over the internet i
knew absolutely nothing about it before
watching i heard squid game and i
instantly thought it was a spongebob
spin-off starring your favorite friendly
neighborhood squid just leave it alone
nickelodeon you already [ __ ] up the
patrick show squid game is a netflix
original series that tells the story of
456 financially struggling individuals
who willingly sign up to play six
children's games for a chance to win a
huge cash prize the catch if you get
eliminated you die if you fail to follow
the rules you die we find out you have
personalized license plates you die i
think we get the point this is an
absolutely amazing and brutal show that
will take you on a roller coaster ride
of emotions and keep you on the edge of
your seat the entire time i'll be
explaining the events that take place
throughout the series by breaking down
the major plot points for each episode
we'll also be explaining the ending and
what it means for the future of squid
game if you enjoy the video make sure to
click that like button as it really
helps my channel and helps keep me from
having to join squid game my damn self
but without further ado sit back and
relax and join me as we explore the
brutal and deadly games that may just
help keep you from total bankruptcy in
squid game our show begins with the
introduction of its main character song
ki hoon portrayed by actor lee jong-jae
kiyon lives with his elderly mother and
gambles away her hard-earned cash at
horse track so he can pay off his large
debt he is being pursued by loan sharks
who in asia are known to be especially
violent and relentless it's established
right away that his situation is dire
and that he is getting desperate however
that doesn't stop him from taking his
daughter out for her birthday and
getting her a pretty neat birthday
present
gian is divorced and his ex-wife's new
husband plans on taking them to america
unless he can prove he is financially
stable enough to gain custody over his
daughter he meets a mysterious man
portrayed by gong yoo who most people
will recognize from his role and train
to busan he plays a one-sided game of
dak g and gets slapped around a few
times by the man for a couple bucks giun
is then given a card invited to
participate in a competition with a
chance to win a huge cash prize which
could free him from his financial
burdens he wakes up in a large room
along with 455 other contestants all
wearing the same green uniforms all
contestants are numbered in the order in
which they joined the competition geon
was the last one to join and befriends
number one a sweet elderly man with a
brain tumor we are also introduced to
main characters number 67 101 199 and
218 a man named cho seng wu and geun's
long time childhood friend every single
participant is going through financial
struggles and have all voluntarily
agreed to participate for a humongous
cash prize that could change their lives
everyone signs a consent form stating
they are not allowed to stop playing
they cannot refuse to play and the games
may only be stopped by a majority vote
the contestants must take place and win
in six games modeled after children's
games to be victorious the games are
being administered by mysterious men
wearing pink suits and black masks
marked with the playstation button
symbols that symbolize their ranks this
guy called the front man is their leader
how did i know that oh i don't know just
a lucky guess to keep the integrity of a
fair contest none of the contestants
know what game they'll be playing prior
to actually playing the game after what
must have taken hours of my absolute
least favorite thing to do waiting in
line the first game finally begins the
game is called green light red light and
the objective is fairly simple you must
reach the other end of the room and
cross the red line within the given time
limit however you can only move while
the voice says green light red light and
must stay absolutely still right after
or be eliminated eliminated not just
from the game but from life
a huge portion of the players are
straight up gunned down within seconds
like rambo himself was manning the
machine guns however number one just
doesn't give a beats the first game like
a literal boss giun manages to make it
to the end thanks to help from number
199 and the end of the first episode
reveals that the competition is taking
place on a remote island let's hope mr
beast doesn't get any bright ideas after
this all the dead contestants are
carried away and cremated in a coffin
cosplaying as a gothic christmas present
255 players were eliminated and the
majority of the remaining 201 beg to be
released from the competition they are
reminded that they all voluntarily
signed up for this and are visually
reminded of the price of victory the
total prize gets added by 100 million
won per elimination for a possible total
of 45 billion won roughly 38 million
dollars despite the fortune literally
hanging over their heads they choose to
invoke the third clause which states the
game may be terminated by a majority
vote they are faced with a dilemma of
leaving with their lives or risk dying
for a chance to win the jackpot the vote
is split evenly by 100 on both sides but
the tie is broken by number one who
chooses to terminate the game the vote
proves that while one half values their
lives over money the other half are
willing to risk it all for a better life
stating that their chances of survival
in squid game are no better than the
cold and cruel world they are already
living in and cast out into the cold
world that we know and endure all the
contestants are released back into the
world and we get a deeper dive into all
their personal struggles sang will be
friends ali and shows him an act of
kindness by paying for his bus fare ali
is an international worker from pakistan
with a wife and one-year-old son who
hasn't been paid by his employer in
months number 67's name is kang saibiak
who defected from north korea with her
little brother chill she needs money to
rescue her parents from north korea and
reunite her family cybuyak is a cold and
reserved young woman who sees the
absolute worst in society and doesn't
trust anyone song woo is 6 billion won
and dead and put up everything he and
his mother own as collateral his mother
has no idea of his hardships and brags
to all her friends about how successful
she believes him to be giun tries to
report what happened to the police but
he just comes off crazy as hell i mean
there's absolutely no way that he was
the only one reporting this and the
police would have realistically taken
this more seriously his situation
becomes much more dire when his mother
falls ill and needs surgery in order to
survive we meet a police detective named
huang joon-ho portrayed by wiha joon
whom you'll recognize from his role in
ganjam haunted asylum
junho is searching for his missing
brother who unbeknownst to him also
participated in squid game all the
players are given a second chance and
are reinvited to participate in squid
game despite being fully aware of the
dangers of participating the weight of
all their struggles and demons is simply
too much giuhun as well as several
others decide to voluntarily re-enter
the competition
[Music]
all the contestants are put to sleep and
transported to a seaport by minivan
detective june ho followed geun and
manages to sneak his way onto the boat
by disguising himself as one of the shy
guys now this is a minor gripe but i
really hate when people in movies or
shows decide to dangerously investigate
something all on their own without
telling a soul what they're up to i get
that it adds narrative suspense but it
also makes them look really stupid he
infiltrates the pink man group and
learns that they too must abide by a
specific set of rules 187 contestants
returned and instantly began to form
teams to raise their survival odds giyun
seong wu ali and the old man agreed to
form a team and look out for each other
they are lined up and handed out food
during a set meal period in which number
111 finds a pink note inside of his food
the second game takes place inside of a
huge children's playground they are
instructed to stand in front of one of
four shapes a circle triangle star or an
umbrella they are then handed a metal
tin containing a dalgone candy also
known as honeycomb or korean sponge
candy the candy is outlined with the
respective shape they chose to stand in
front of the objective of the game is to
perfectly cut out the shape from the
candy without breaking it seong wu
figures out the next game with help from
saibyuk who snuck into the vents during
a bathroom trip the previous night he
shows his true colors early when he
chooses not to disclose the crucial game
information to his teammates leaving
them at a disadvantage
anya
those who chose the triangle are at an
obvious advantage because of its
simplicity compared to the other shapes
if you [ __ ] that one up then you don't
deserve the 45 bill if you chose the
umbrella like gee hyun then you better
be wearing the same plot armor he is
number 369 is the first to break this
candy and takes a huge blast to the face
several other contestants bite the
bullet and seem almost shocked by what's
happening they seem to have forgotten
that plane could cost them their lives
and appear to have gotten way too
comfortable number 212 cheats her way to
victory with the help of a lighter that
she snuck in through
unorthodox methods and gives it to
number 101 who was struggling with a
star giyun manages to successfully cut
out his shape by licking the back of the
candy and softening it up one porcel
almost made it out but broke the handle
of his umbrella he snatches a guard's
gun and threatens to kill him if he
isn't let go the man forces the guard to
take off his mask and realizing his
desperate situation shoots himself in
the head front man arrives and
immediately kills the guard
the survivors regroup and we learned
that 79 players were eliminated during
game two bringing the total prize up to
35 billion won number 212 joins up with
101 and his group of thugs for having
helped them the previous game she
appeared very manipulative from the
beginning and it's obvious that she will
do whatever it takes to have an upper
hand i'm pretty sure that we all know
someone like that in real life during a
meal period 101 and his group of goons
entered the food line a second time and
robbed five other contestants of their
meal there was only enough food for the
exact number of contestants and the
guard doesn't seem to care that food was
unjustly taken from the others come on
man number 271 confronts the thieves and
gets beaten to death by 101
[Music]
[Applause]
the guards don't seem to care about what
just went down and just haul him away in
the present coffin in a weird turn of
events we learned that number 111 and a
few rogue guards have been harvesting
the organs of dead players to make money
the guards have secretly been telling
him the games ahead of time by sneaking
notes in his food they reveal that
nothing was done about the food shortage
to purposely spark conflict between the
contestants so that a fight could break
out and weed out the weak number 111
joins up with number 101 and is thugs
revealing that he is a doctor and also
knows what the next game is i found it
quite interesting how simply having the
information for the next game
practically made him the most important
man in the room just as predicted a
brutal and gritty fight breaks loose
after lights out number 101 is goons go
after saibyuk but she is saved by gian
and his team the fight comes to an end
when the old man shouts and pleads for
everyone to stop
[Applause]
[Music]
the guards were on standby the entire
time waiting on the order to step in and
stop the fight in the aftermath of the
brawl the group reveal each of their
names to build trust among them the old
man's mental state is starting to
deteriorate as he does not seem to
remember his own name
number 101 and 212 get a little steamy
with each other in the bathroom and also
reveal their names to each other her
name is juan mignon his name is zhang
doksu she makes him promise to stay with
her until the end and vows to kill him
if he betrays her which he ends up doing
in the very next game with exactly 80
players left they are instructed to come
up with teams of 10 and ducks who dumps
migno because she is a woman
she joins up with gi hyun and cybiak
recruits a young girl bringing a total
of three women and an elderly man on
their team this proves to be a huge
disadvantage for them as we discovered
that the third game is tug of war duksu
was aware of this beforehand thanks to
the doctor and made sure his team
consisted of the strongest men possible
the game is played over two tall
platforms and if they lose the entire
losing team falls to their deaths
duksu's team easily overpowers the other
team and wins their challenge geon's
team is up next and are at an obvious
disadvantage the old man recalls having
won tug of war numerous times as a kid
he tells them of a strategy that almost
always helped them be victorious even if
the other team were much more physically
imposing thanks to the old man's
strategy and last minute trick from
sengwu they are able to defeat the other
team and live to see another day
detective jun ho gets involved with the
organ harvesting operation by sheer
coincidence of having taken the identity
of the previous rogue guard who was
involved he is then tasked with
delivering the organs to a pickup ship
with the other circle-faced guard the
guard realizes that junhoe is an
impostor but is killed by him soon after
in the operating room things quickly go
south when the guards tell the doctor
that they do not know the next game he
will be playing the doc is totally not
down with that and murders one of the
guards before attempting to make a run
for it the guard chases him into the
room of the second game and they are
eventually both killed by the front man
frontman finds the dead bodies of the
remaining guards and realizes that there
is an intruder an emergency alarm blares
through the entire complex and all the
contestants are told to line up junhoe
discovers files containing the names of
contestants of previous games he finds a
list of all prior winners and finds his
brother's name huang yin ho who seems to
have played and won the game in 2015.
prior to the start of the next game we
see that the old man is starting to lose
control of his body as he urinates on
himself and appears extremely
disoriented while being escorted to the
next game we see the dead bodies of the
doctor and the rogue guards hung out for
display they are told that the men broke
the rules and tainted the pure ideology
of this world for their own benefit
every contestant is considered equal and
are given the same level of opportunity
to succeed on an even playing field the
contestants are then instructed to
partner up for the next game ali
partners up with seong woo saibyong
partners up with the young girl and
gieun partners up with the old man giun
in the old man's friendship is one of
the highlights of the show and gives it
some much needed heart migno ends up
being the one without a partner and is
dragged away by the guards before the
game before the game starts giyon and
the old man form a pact to become ganbu
with one another or according to the old
man really close friends that share
everything in a shocking turn of events
the contestants learn that they will not
be working together but in fact will
actually be facing off against their
partner meaning that only half of the
contestants will walk out alive each
contestant is given a bag of 10 marbles
and have to win all the others marbles
before the time runs out they can obtain
the marbles by any means but are
prohibited from resorting to violence
songwoo finally reveals his true colors
and ends up deceiving ali for all his
marbles
[Music]
ali made the fatal mistake of being too
trusting of song woo he was a truly
sympathetic character with a naive
personality which put him at a
disadvantage from the very beginning ali
never fully realized the gravity of the
situation and what one must do to
survive ali represents all the naive and
innocent people that get preyed on and
taken advantage of every single day the
young girl purposely loses her game
against cybiuk so that she may advance
to the next stage she reveals that she
went to prison for killing her father
after he murdered her mom she tells
cybiuk that unlike her she doesn't have
a family and no real reason to win all
the money
[Music]
the old man's mental state has severely
worsened and he wanders around the play
area which he says resembles his
childhood neighborhood he doesn't seem
to understand what's going on and gian
desperately tries to get him to play
it is now clear that the old man has
completely lost his mind giun
unfortunately takes advantage of this to
win all but one of the old man's marbles
the old man eventually reveals that he
was aware of gehun's deception the
entire time and willingly hands him his
last marble before his death he reveals
his name to be o ilnam
[Music]
front man is still searching for june ho
and says that the vip guests will be
arriving soon they find the dead body of
the guard jin ho killed and find his
police credentials revealing his true
identity in the aftermath of the game a
man is completely distraught from having
won the game over his late wife and
hangs himself we also see that migno was
sitting on her bed the entire time and
lucked out from having to participate
with a majority of the beds now removed
we see that the walls actually revealed
which games would be played all along i
can confirm that they were there the
entire time as they actually reveal
games 5 and 6. the vips finally arrive
on the island and reveal that the
competition has been taking place for
their entertainment showing that the
main reason behind the competition was
not to help the poor make money but to
ultimately entertain the rich frontman
informs the host of the vip's arrival
and we see that his identity is also
hidden behind a very glamorous animal
mask just like the vips the acting from
the english-speaking vips is absolutely
hilarious and cringy this is something
i've often noticed from asian films and
tv shows the english-speaking actors are
almost always never on par with the
acting of the main cast i suppose in
this case the vips could be acting that
way on purpose as to represent the
larger-than-life rich individuals so who
you put your money on this time
sneaks his way into the vip section by
disguising himself as a waiter and uses
his phone to record evidence before the
fifth game starts the contestants are
told to choose a mannequin numbered one
through 16 as it determines the order in
which they'll be playing this is an
extremely difficult and dangerous choice
as none of them know what lies ahead in
the next game giun can't make up his
mind quick enough and is left either
number 1 or 16. a man approaches him and
begs him to let him pick number one he
says that he has been living as a coward
his whole life and finally wants to take
charge and lead from the front you go
man in the 5th game the contestants must
cross a bridge over to the other side in
16 minutes giving an equal 1 minute for
each player they must each hop on glass
stepping stones to get across however
only one of the two stepping stones in
front of them are strong enough to hold
them the other glass stepping stone will
break causing the contestant to fall to
their death number one realizes he's
absolutely screwed and looks back at
gihyun why the hell are you looking at
him like that man you chose number one
you should have probably came with a
thicker plot armor several contestants
fall to their deaths paving a clear path
for the ones in the rear duksu being the
scumbag that he is refuses to go any
further and demands someone else go in
front of him minou follows through on
her promise to kill him if he ever
betrayed her she tightly grabs a hold of
him and then pulls a sandor clegane
[Music]
one of the vips takes a liking to june
ho and takes him to a private room junho
sticks a gun to the man's head and
forces him to reveal the truth behind
squid game on video number 17 now and
the lead reveals that he can
differentiate between the weaker and
stronger glass as he worked in a glass
factory for over 30 years he chose not
to reveal his secret until now as doksu
and his gang previously tried to kill
him numerous times he manages to get to
the last tile but front man shuts off
the light so that he can't tell between
the two song woo then pushes the man to
his death clearing the path for the rest
of the group the time runs out and in a
very visually pleasing scene the rest of
the bridge suddenly explodes and sends
glass shards flying everywhere
after retrieving the evidence junho is
able to make his way onto another small
island but is swiftly pursued by
frontman and his guards he makes it to
the top of a cliff but has nowhere else
to go he shoots front man in the
shoulder with his last bullet who then
reveals himself to be huang in ho
jung-ho's missing brother frontman is
portrayed by one of my favorite south
korean actors lee byung-hun whom you'll
most likely recognize from i saw the
devil
he tells his brother that he will live
if he comes with him juno refuses to do
so and is shot off the cliff by his own
brother the remaining three contestants
are gihyun seongwoo and saibyuk we see
that saibyok was impaled with a large
shard of glass during the previous game
but doesn't tell anyone they are
congratulated for having made it to the
finals and are served a fancy
fancy-schmancy steak dinner afterwards
they are purposely left with the steak
knives to arm themselves with giyun now
realizes that sangwoo will stop at
nothing to win the competition even if
it means killing his own best friend he
has a conversation with saibyuk who
makes him promise that whichever one of
them wins the game that they will take
care of each other's family gihyun
notices that seongwoo has fallen asleep
and takes out his knife to go kill him
i just seen
i almost guarantee that he wasn't really
asleep and would have killed gihyun if
he actually approached him gi hyun
realizes that saibiak is severely
injured and rushes over to the metal
gates to ask for help the metal gates
suddenly open and the guards walk in
carrying a casket he looks back and sees
song woo standing over her dead body
holding a bloody knife
this proves that he was never really
asleep and was waiting for his
opportunity to strike in a complete fit
of rage giyun rushes sangwoo with his
knife but is stopped by the guards this
is my favorite scene in the entire show
as it displays so much raw emotion and
is backed by a beautifully haunting
soundtrack
[Music]
[Applause]
gi yoon and seongwu are the final two
contestants of the game the two former
childhood best friends will be facing
off in the sixth and titular squid game
as explained in the very first scene of
the show squid game is played by an
offensive team versus a defensive one
the objective of the game is for the
offense to bypass the defense and cut
through the neck of the squid the
defense must then keep the attacking
team from reaching their circle at the
head of the squid by any means necessary
if the offense is pushed out of the
boundary marked by the line they are
eliminated
[Music]
easily walks across the neck of the
squid by throwing dirt into seongwoo's
eyes rain begins to fall and the two
former friends get into a gritty and
brutal brawl giyun then gets the upper
hand on song wu and incapacitates him by
punching him numerous times batman style
i'm vengeance however he refuses to kill
his friend and stabs the knife into the
ground giun limps over to the circle but
refuses to step inside realizing that
his victory will mean the death of sung
wu despite all the hardship they endured
to get to this point ginyu realizes that
he is better than the system who put him
here believe him to be he is choosing to
value the life of a fellow human being
and friend over money he invokes the
third clause and asks seongwoo to
terminate the game with him so they can
both walk out alive seongwoo then grabs
the knife next to his head and jams it
into his own neck
sangwoo dies in his best friend's arms
and gi yoon is declared the winner
songwoo knew that he could have walked
out alive but chose to end his life so
that neither of them would walk out with
nothing gihyun has a conversation with
frontman and asks him why all of this
took place frontman compares the
contestants to horses at a racetrack
showing that the contestants weren't
being seen as human beings but instead
as animals for the rich to bet money on
and be entertained giun has returned to
his hometown and comes home to find his
mother lying dead on the floor because
he was participating in the games he was
unable to take care of his sick mother
who tragically died alone undoubtedly
waiting for him to return home one year
later giun definitely doesn't look like
a man who just won a fortune he walks
around looking like a hobo and hasn't
spent any of the money he won he
undoubtedly feels guilty and doesn't
want to spend the money he feels was
earned at the cost of hundreds of lives
which is interesting to see as this is
something every contestant knew coming
into the game the second time and
willingly returned for one night he
receives a card with the squid game logo
from his ganbu in the final episode's
shocking twist we learned that o ilnam
was the host and creator of the game all
along he reveals that he amassed a
fortune by lending people money and
created the game with other rich
individuals out of boredom after having
made too much money he says that after
becoming terminally ill he wanted to
take part in the games for some
excitement he disguised himself as an
innocent old man slowly losing his mind
so that no one would suspect him this
explains why the midnight brawl after
the second game was stopped right after
he began screaming on the bed they were
actually waiting on his orders all along
this also explains why he didn't want to
reveal his name and pretended as if he
had forgotten it when he was really
protecting his identity the stage for
the fourth game was also designed to
look like ilnam's childhood neighborhood
on purpose something that couldn't have
been just a coincidence i believe ilnam
was originally supposed to disappear
before the fourth game as he was
anticipating no one would partner up
with him though he was proven wrong by
ki hyun i can't help but to bring up the
similarities between oil nam and john
kramer's jigsaw both men are terminally
ill from cancer and both come up with
deadly games that question the morality
and the good in people they even
infiltrate their own game for fun during
the conversation ilnam offers to play
one last game with gehun they see a
homeless man lying in the street in the
freezing cold ilnam places a bet that no
one will come to help the freezing man
as he believes society to be morally bad
and selfish if no one helps the homeless
man before midnight ilnam wins and takes
back all the money he gave to gihun if
someone does help the old man however
gee hyun wins and gets to kill ilnam
illnam reveals that thanks to gihyun's
kindness and companionship during the
games he was able to have fun one last
time as illnam's life slowly fades from
his body a bystander arrives with the
police and helped the homeless man on
the street proving to both ilnam and gee
hyun that there is still good left in
this world and that society should not
be given up on yeah try telling that to
arthur flick if it was me dying on the
sidewalk you'd walk right over me front
man is then seen standing over ilnam's
body and will possibly take over the
operations as host in his stead i
believe that his story will carry on
into a second season with the
possibility of jun ho returning juno was
shot in the shoulder and we never saw
his dead body i've come to learn that if
we don't actually see an on-screen death
there's a chance it didn't happen oil
nam's case is a prime example of that
after his conversation with oil nam
giehu now has a different perspective on
winning he dyes his hair bright red and
takes syphilis younger brother chill out
of the home and into the care of
seongwoo's mother he leaves a large
briefcase full of money with a note
telling her that this is the money he
owes seongwoo sometime later he sees the
same man who recruited him into the
games doing the exact same thing to
another man showing that the annual
games are about to begin again he
attempts to confront the man but is not
able to reach him in time he grabs the
card from the stranger which now has a
new phone number on it gi hyun heads to
the airport to board a flight to america
and visit his daughter before boarding
the flight however he dials the number
on the card and speaks his name a man's
voice on the other end possibly front
man tells him
showing that they are still possibly
keeping track of his every move in the
show's final scene gian turns around
with a stern look on his face determined
to uncover who are behind these games
and possibly put an end to them as the
final episode ends and that ladies and
gentlemen was squid game my friends this
is without a doubt one of the best shows
i have seen in recent memory i was
hooked by the show from start to finish
the show's ending really leaves the door
open for a second season as there is
much more that they can explore the show
could go in the hunger games direction
where previous winners are invited to
take part once again there is also the
possibility of other games being
explored as they seemingly take place
internationally as stated by one of the
vips i also feel that they still have to
explore the story between the two
brothers as that arc didn't seem to have
a proper resolution by the film's final
scene it really seems that gehun's
journey is just beginning there's a lot
of things that could be done with the
show and whatever they decide to do i
hope it does justice to the amazing
first season and that it doesn't
overstay its welcome with how popular
squid game has gotten it would be easy
to try and cash in on the popularity and
lose the sight of what made the first
season so special but as always ladies
and gentlemen i hope you enjoyed the
video thank you all for tuning in and i
cannot wait to see y'all right back here
in the horror mine y'all stick around